so this week on Halima Joe we are
actually going to be featured in the
Denver Pride Parade we're here at the
location for my drunk kitchen and the
person were drunk kitchen with is super
good at arts and crafts so we're gonna
deck out the RV and go super parade
heavy
I've been costume designing for at least
a decade
we're making our decorations for
tomorrow's floats and Pride Parade it's
gonna vary creatively say hello harto on
the side and we've got a bunch of other
steps we can figure out where to go from
there coming to you from out of the
closet
red eyebrows there you go well here we
aren't we're heading off to go decorate
the RV for the Pride Parade our last
Sunday and our earliest call time and I
think we're all doing really well I for
one
Denver pride last year I think it was
325 thousand people that came there
should be about 600,000 people endeavour
pride this year I am very excited to be
here with the hello harto team it's been
a lot of fun putting together all of the
shenanigans we decided to make for my
show a little hood ornament let's say
she's really amounting to something with
her life
beautiful
I think it's a small miracle that we
pulled it off we got into Denver late
yesterday the theme that we're going
with is famous gay people through
history and more specifically people who
were famous for something other than
being gay no one can make you feel
inferior
keep your face always toward Asuncion
and the shadows will probably we can
only see a short distance of it but we
can see plenty there that needs to be
done though judge a picture by its frame
every man is
now the world rests have and the RV is
decorated we we gotta go figure out how
to do it for eight
stay hydrated
try to me is a celebration of who you
are and what you stand for as a person
anybody can be excited for pride and
really express themselves no matter who
you are
everyone is filled with such positivity
and encouragement as been so friendly
coming by I don't know it's it's kind of
infectious it just seems like everyone
is happy to be here and happy to express
themselves and full of love and
acceptance
in her RV from the loaf I wrote for my
drunk kitchen
well we just finished with the parade
and I have to say that that experience
was simultaneously exhausting and
exhilarating overall pride is pretty
powerful pretty
packed with penises
I was a literation
Liberace Liberace me hey at least it
wasn't like that at all for me guys come
check this out